Add aggregation key generation steps for Private Aggregation (#6977)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/private-aggregation-fundamentals/index.md

If a dimension has available key space for multiple digits, but the value has fewer, add leading zeros. For example, if country ID allows 3 digits, the country ID for Algeria is `003`.
{% endAside %}

> The aggregation key can be also generated with a hashing mechanism, such as [SHA-256](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2). For example, the string `{"WidgetId":3276,"CountryID":67}` can be hashed then converted to a `BigInt` value of  `42943797454801331377966796057547478208888578253058197330928948081739249096287n`. If the hash value has more than 128 bits, you can truncate it to ensure it won’t exceed the maximum allowed bucket value of `2^128−1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aggregation key can be also generated with a hashing mechanism, such as [SHA-256](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2). For example, the string `{"WidgetId":3276,"CountryID":67}` can be hashed and then converted to a `BigInt` value of  `42943797454801331377966796057547478208888578253058197330928948081739249096287n`. If the hash value has more than 128 bits, you can truncate it to ensure it won’t exceed the maximum allowed bucket value of `2^128−1`.
```

> Within a Shared Storage worklet, you can access the [`crypto`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Crypto) and [`TextEncoder`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/TextEncoder) modules that can help you generate a hash. To learn more on generating a hash, see [`SubtleCrypto.digest()` on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a Shared Storage worklet, you can access the [`crypto`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Crypto) and [`TextEncoder`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/TextEncoder) modules that can help you generate a hash. To learn more on generating a hash, check out [`SubtleCrypto.digest()` on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest). 
```
